fix(mobile): post-release fixes to ANR doc (#17861)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/application-not-responding.mdx

In Android mobile apps, [Application Not Responding (ANR) errors](https://developer.android.com/topic/performance/vitals/anr) are triggered when the main UI thread of an application is blocked for more than five seconds. ANR errors can be caused by various factors, such as network calls, complex calculations, or resource contention. By monitoring their frequency and occurrence patterns, you gain valuable insights into your app's overall stability and user experience.

## How ANR errors are reported to New Relic [#anr-reporting]

> Our Android agent reports ANR errors as [`MobileApplicationExit`](/attribute-dictionary/?event=MobileApplicationExit) events, which leverage Android’s [`ApplicationExitInfo` API](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/ApplicationExitInfo) to monitor and report on the different causes for app termination. The agent reads the `ApplicationExitInfo` API on the next app launch and asynchronously sends `MobileApplicationExit` events to New Relic for each app exit in the history.

Reviewer: Should we add a note here: that we report ANR errors by default, if they would like to disable look at the Disable ANR monitoring section below

> Our Android agent reports ANR errors as [`MobileApplicationExit`](/attribute-dictionary/?event=MobileApplicationExit) events, which leverage Android’s [`ApplicationExitInfo` API](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/ApplicationExitInfo) to monitor and report on the different causes for app termination. The agent reads the `ApplicationExitInfo` API on the next app launch and asynchronously sends `MobileApplicationExit` events to New Relic for each app exit in the history.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the Android agent reports ANR errors as [`MobileApplicationExit`](/attribute-dictionary/?event=MobileApplicationExit) events, which leverage Android’s [`ApplicationExitInfo` API](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/ApplicationExitInfo) to monitor and report on the different causes for app termination. The agent reads the `ApplicationExitInfo` API on the next app launch and asynchronously sends `MobileApplicationExit` events to New Relic for each app exit in the history.
```

@silpau-pm How is this?

    title="anr profiles"
    alt="screenshot of anr profiles"
    src={mobileAnrProfiles}
    style="float: left;"
/>

## Disable ANR monitoring [#disable-anr-monitoring]

<Callout variant="important">
Server-side configuration always take precedence over local agent configuration.

> For mobile apps with <100,000 concurrently active devices, it may take up to 10 minutes to apply changes to end-user devices. For apps with >100,000 active devices, it may take several hours.

Author: ```suggestion
For mobile apps with less than 100,000 concurrently active devices, it may take up to 10 minutes to apply changes to end-user devices. For apps with greater than 100,000 active devices, it may take several hours.
```

> For changes to be applied on end-user devices, it may take up to 10 minutes for mobile apps with 100,000 or fewer concurrently active devices. For applications with very large number of concurrently active devices, it may take several hours.

Reviewer 2: I'd remove the passive from the first sentence by changing it to this: "For mobile apps with 100,000 or fewer concurrently active devices, it may take up to 10 minutes to apply changes to end-user devices."

Author: @jeff-colucci  Good suggestion - thanks!

> For changes to be applied on end-user devices, it may take up to 10 minutes for mobile apps with 100,000 or fewer concurrently active devices. For applications with very large number of concurrently active devices, it may take several hours.

Author: ```suggestion
For mobile apps with <100,000 concurrently active devices, it may take up to 10 minutes to apply changes to end-user devices. For apps with >100,000 active devices, it may take several hours.
```
